# Regression and Technical Analysis of Stock Market
<h3> by Sidharth Rai</h3>

<p>Being the topic of interest for those who are interested in investing in share market and share exchanges because benefits here are not easy to calculate but easy to earn. Technical Analysis of jumping prices, sometimes high sometimes low, which not only depends on company businesses but also depends on the company-related news, political, social, economic conditions and natural disasters. Many researchers and financers have been acknowledged for the daily behavior and prediction of future prices, but some of the other way their models have not been totally accurate. This project is based on a complete mathematical analysis using Technical Analysis which is used to calculate the unknown patterns in the behaviors and changes of Stock Prices over a period of the month because of wide acceptability of Equity-based market. This analysis is not highly accurate but gives a brief Idea about the Technical Analysis and how python can be useful in forming strategies for your funds and what changes one should monitor before investing or risking your funds.

Technical Analysis of jumping prices, sometimes high sometimes low, which not only depends on company businesses but also depends on the company-related news, political, social, economic conditions and natural disasters. Many researchers and financers have been acknowledged for the daily behavior and prediction of future prices, but some of the other way their models have not been totally accurate. This project also focuses on regression analysis using Ordinary Least Squares model.</p>
